% \iffalse
% This is file 'aml.dtx'
% Documentation and source code for the AML package.
% Version v1b
% (c) 2024 Duy Nam Schlitz
% License: GNU General Public License (GPL)
% \fi

\documentclass{article}
\usepackage{amsmath}
\usepackage{aml}
\usepackage{tikz}
\usepackage{graphicx}

\title{AML Package Documentation}
\author{Your Name}
\date{\today}

\begin{document}
\maketitle

\section{Introduction}
The AML (Advanced Mathematical Logic) package provides a set of custom symbols for logic operations, which are useful for typesetting complex mathematical expressions. The package defines the following symbols:

\begin{itemize}
    \item $\ifL$ - The custom "if" symbol
    \item $\elseL$ - The custom "else" symbol
    \item $\elifL$ - The custom "else if" symbol
    \item $\toL$ - The custom "to" symbol
    \item $\alsoL$ - The custom "also" symbol
    \item $\additionalcontent$ - The custom "additional content" symbol
    \item $\doneL$ - The custom "done/end" symbol
    \item $\logicalEquL$ - The custom "from that before is equalize to" symbol
    \item $\trueL$ - The custom "true" symbol
    \item $\falseL$ - The custom "false" symbol
\end{itemize}

\section{Installation Instructions}

To install the AML package, follow these steps:

1. Download the package files.
2. Run the following commands to extract the package:

\begin{verbatim}
latex aml.ins
\end{verbatim}

3. This will generate the file \texttt{aml.sty}.
4. Place the \texttt{aml.sty} file in your LaTeX directory, such as \texttt{texmf/tex/latex/} or the current directory of your LaTeX project.

\section{Usage Example}

To use the symbols from the AML package, include the following line in the preamble of your LaTeX document:

\begin{verbatim}
\usepackage{aml}
\end{verbatim}

Then, you can use the custom symbols in your document. Here’s an example of their usage:

\begin{verbatim}
\ifL (\forall x \in \mathbb{N}, \exists y \in \mathbb{C}) : f(x) \leftrightarrow f'(y) \toL \alsoL (x' = y) \elifL (f(x) \ge f'(y)) \toL (x \ge y + x) \elseL \toL x \not= y
\end{verbatim}

This will produce:

\[
\ifL (\forall x \in \mathbb{N}, \exists y \in \mathbb{C}) : f(x) \leftrightarrow f'(y) \toL \alsoL (x' = y) \elifL (f(x) \ge f'(y)) \toL (x \ge y + x) \elseL \toL x \not= y
\]

\section{License}

This package is released under the **GNU General Public License (GPL)**. You can freely use, modify, and distribute it, but any modified versions must also be licensed under the GPL.

The GPL allows you to:
- **Use** the software for any purpose.
- **Study** how the software works, and adapt it to your needs.
- **Distribute** copies of the software.
- **Distribute** modified versions of the software, with the same freedoms for others.

For more information about the GPL, see the [GNU website](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/).

\end{document}

% End of aml.dtx file
